clean up ancient info about codec support and clearly define legends (#1950)
jellyfin/jellyfin.org: docs/general/clients/codec-support.md

| [H.265 8Bit](https://caniuse.com/#feat=hevc 'HEVC Browser Support Reference')                                      | 🔶     | 🔶<sup>3</sup> | 🔶<sup>8</sup> | ✅             | 🔶<sup>1</sup> | ✅             | ✅  | ✅             | 🔶<sup>4</sup> | ✅   | ✅                    |
| [H.265 10Bit](https://caniuse.com/#feat=hevc 'HEVC Browser Support Reference')                                     | 🔶     | 🔶<sup>3</sup> | 🔶<sup>8</sup> | ✅             | 🔶<sup>1</sup> | 🔶             | ✅  | ✅             | 🔶<sup>4</sup> | ✅   | ✅                    |
| [VP9](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats/Video_codecs#VP9 'V9 Browser Support Reference')  | ✅     | ✅             | ✅             | ✅             | ✅             | ✅             | ❌  | ⚠️<sup>6</sup> | ✅             | ✅   | ✅                    |
| [AV1](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats/Video_codecs#AV1 'AV1 Browser Support Reference') | ✅     | ✅             | ✅             | 🔶             | ✅             | 🔶<sup>2</sup> | ❌  | 🔶<sup>7</sup> | ✅             | ✅   | ✅                    |

> Legends: ❌=Not Supported, 🔶=Support depends on device and/or settings, ⚠️=Software Decode Only, ✅=Fully supported (Hardware support with software fallback) <br />

Reviewer: Note: Imo this paragraph looks a bit "weird" on mobile

<img width="709" height="547" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e2dd81c4-b9b6-4a29-854c-8f0cf6b12d54" />

Maybe it is possible to add some spacing here, I dont know...
Not important, it was just something I did notice.

Author: made some changes here

This table shows the support status of **recent** client software and OS versions. Legacy versions may differ in support. <br />
For this table, Remuxing due to container compatibility is considered fully supported. <br />

> <sup>1</sup>Android playback is currently broken. Client reports that HEVC is supported and attempts to Direct Stream.

Reviewer: This information is not only [terribly old](https://github.com/jellyfin-archive/jellyfin-docs/commit/b9bef98ac3925ba179583869edf44a893e0439f0) but based on very limited testing I did on the latest [v2.7.0-beta.4](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-android/releases/tag/v2.7.0-beta.4) on my S25 Ultra, hevc content does direct play flawlessly on both `internal` and `web` Player.

I suggest removing this as well.

Author: Test on a release version (not beta) and if it works I will remove it

Reviewer: <img width="317" height="242" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dd3cef09-3bdd-4309-9d22-fc34dab6f021" />

Direct plays here as well.
I tested on `2.6.4` however I dont see any reason why this should not work on `2.6.0` as well.
A version from 3 years ago.

<br />

> <sup>2</sup>Needs at least Android TV 10.

Reviewer: This is factually correct. Note that AndroidTV 10 was released in 2019 which was 7 years ago.
It does make sense to list this, given that TV Manufacturers often stop shipping Updates, yet 7+ year old TVs are quite common.

Allthough to me it feels weird to remove notes regarding 1.5 year old browsers, yet list a 7 year old Operating System.

Author: 1.5 year old browser is trivial to change, replacing a 7-year-old TV is not. Also, given that there are a lot of weird devices in the Android TV space, the actual date they stopped shipping in large volumes is likely much later than 2019. It wouldn't be surprising if manufacturers are still actively shipping Android 9 or older versions to this day.

<br />

> <sup>3</sup>Windows requires the [HEVC video extension from Microsoft Store](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nmzlz57r3t7).

Reviewer: Is that not the same as `8`?

Author: I don't know what is the deal with Edge on Linux and these have been separate points before this PR

Reviewer: I am abled to install MsEdge on linux. However I dont know how I could text this... Do you have an Idea?

Author: Use the browser media capability test and see if you can play HEVC? Then uninstall system ffmpeg and try again?

<br />
<sup>4</sup>HEVC decoding is only supported on 4K devices.
<br />
<sup>5</sup>Needs to be manually enabled in Settings > Playback > Enable H.264 High 10 Profile. Requires macOS >= 14 and Apple Silicon.
<br />
<sup>6</sup>VP9 is only available with Swiftfin (VLCKit) player.
<br />
<sup>7</sup>AV1 is enabled by default for Swiftfin (VLCKit). AV1 is disabled by default for Native (AVKit). Enabling AV1 may result in a poor experience for older devices.
<br />
<sup>8</sup>Windows requires the [HEVC video extension from Microsoft Store](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nmzlz57r3t7). Linux requires system ffmpeg for support.
<br />

> <sup>9</sup>Some Linux distributions have improperly packaged Firefox builds, which results in H264 not being available.

Reviewer: Claiming that other maintainers `have improperly packaged` something is not only unfriendly and should not happen on the official documentation, but additionally outright wrong in this case.
They choose to not ship a bunch of codecs.
For Fedora, I was abled to find [THIS](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/quick-docs/installing-plugins-for-playing-movies-and-music/#_extended_codec_support_with_rpm_fusion):
> some codecs are not included in Fedora’s official repositories due to patent or licensing restrictions

Same goes for [openSUSE](https://doc.opensuse.org/documentation/tumbleweed/codecs):
> Usually this is a sign of missing codecs. Due to legal limitations proprietary codecs can't be stored and served directly from the openSUSE/SUSE infrastructure. To install proprietary codec packages you will need to add the [Packman](http://packman.links2linux.org/) repository and install the required software from there.

All those distros share something in common though. You `CAN` install the codec support from a third party on OS-level. Imo we should either state that "this requires OS-level codec support" or just not list this at all since its neither an issue with the Browser nor Jellyfin.

Author: A whole load of other things aside from Jellyfin will be broken if your browser doesn't have H264, so a browser without H264 is basically broken in the modern day.

Reviewer: You can install the missing codecs on OS level. It is not incorrectly packaged just because you dislike the way it IS packaged.

They can't even fix the packaging since it depends on packages not present in official sources.

Author: Most websites treat H264 as something that is going to be there on all browsers. Also, I don't know of any major distro where the firefox package isn't made by either mozilla or the distro maintainers themselves.

Reviewer: > Also, I don't know of any major distro where the firefox package isn't made by either mozilla or the distro maintainers themselves.

Yes, the firefox package. Not the packages required for h264 codec support. Those are SPECIFICALLY not hosted on the distro maintainers infra due to legal issues. See the links above for more detail.

🔶=Support depends on device and/or settings.<br />
⚠️=Software Decode Only.<br />
✅=Fully supported (Hardware support with software fallback).<br />
<br />
This table shows the support status of **recent** client software and OS versions. Legacy versions may differ in support. Remuxing due to container compatibility is considered fully supported for this table. <br /><br />

<sup>1</sup>Needs at least Android TV 10.
<br />
<sup>2</sup>Windows requires the [HEVC video extension from Microsoft Store](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nmzlz57r3t7).
<br />
<sup>3</sup>HEVC decoding is only supported on 4K devices.
<br />
<sup>4</sup>Needs to be manually enabled in Settings > Playback > Enable H.264 High 10 Profile. Requires macOS >= 14 and Apple Silicon.
<br />
<sup>5</sup>VP9 is only available with Swiftfin (VLCKit) player.
<br />
<sup>6</sup>AV1 is enabled by default for Swiftfin (VLCKit). AV1 is disabled by default for Native (AVKit). Enabling AV1 may result in a poor experience for older devices.
<br />
<sup>7</sup>Windows requires the [HEVC video extension from Microsoft Store](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nmzlz57r3t7). Linux requires system ffmpeg for support.
<br />

> <sup>8</sup>Some Linux distributions provide a Firefox package that do not have H264 support, causing transcoding to be required. You may need to install additional packages on these system. The most obvious symptom is Jellyfin attempting to transcode to VP9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Linux distributions provide a Firefox package that does not have H264 support, causing transcoding to be required. You may need to install additional packages on these system. The most obvious symptom is Jellyfin attempting to transcode to VP9.
```
